welcome back to movie recaps today i
will show you a sci-fi thriller film
from 2011 titled limitless spoilers
ahead watch out and take care
there's loud banging on a metal door
leading to a fancy apartment with boxed
up belongings
a tiny tour of the high-end apartment
complex reveals two dead bodies and on
top of the building standing right on
the edge of a balcony is eddie he takes
one foot off the edge and he hears two
gunshots in the next apartment over
his neighbor must have checked on the
noise
someone is screaming in front of eddie's
door to be let in
eddie's disappointed in himself
does he jump
a little over a year earlier eddie is
walking down the street looking
completely different he says he's a
writer drinking midday in a bar he's
telling two guys about his novel for
which no one believes he has a contract
for it's a question if he believes it
himself
later he's seen writing trying to write
procrastinating
until he finally leaves his apartment
and goes out to drink again
a few weeks if not even months pass with
him not writing a single word
eventually his girlfriend lindy leaves
him
eddie thinks it's out of the blue but
she clearly doesn't he gets ready to
propose to her but she reminds him of
the last time he was married to melissa
that marriage didn't work out that well
later he's walking home feeling bad
about himself in general when he sees
his ex-brother-in-law vernon eddie's not
excited to see him after a little chit
chat where they both lie to each other a
bit about what they're doing vernon
convinces him to have a drink together
they go to a bar and he tells him about
how melissa is doing
then they start talking about a's
creative problems and vernon suggests he
can help him he shows him the drug he's
selling it's some kind of magic designer
drug that supposedly can help you access
your whole brain eddie doesn't think it
can help him vernon needs to leave so he
gives him his business card and a sample
of the expensive drug for free on his
walk home eddie is still wallowing in
self-loathing when he decides to take
the drug
he walks into his building and
immediately runs into his landlord's
wife valerie who hates him as she's
screaming at him his mind is racing
wondering about the effects of the drug
when it finally hits
suddenly he starts noticing everything
that he previously wouldn't have
the little things all around him the
little things about her at one point he
asks her what's wrong catching her off
guard
they start talking about her studies as
he begins accessing different memories
in his mind that he didn't even know he
remembered he offers to help with her
essay as she starts warming up to him
and when the essay is done they have
intercourse he walks into his apartment
and suddenly realizes how filthy and
disgusting it is
so he starts cleaning and fixing it up
putting everything in its place until it
looks like an actual place someone would
live in
the drug has made his mind perfectly
clear
so he does the one thing he knows he
should be doing with a clear mind
writing and this time he's actually
doing it
the next morning and he wakes up and
feels that the drug has completely wore
off the good news is that he still has
the pages he's written from his novel so
he goes to see his publisher eddie asks
her to read the unfinished manuscript
and promises to return the advance if
she doesn't like it as soon as he gets
home he has three new messages from her
saying that what she read was brilliant
eddie thinks to call her back but
instead goes to see vernon he opens the
doors for him looking like someone has
roughed him up and lets him in
reluctantly vernon knows why he's there
and tells him that he'll give him more
of the drug but that first he has to run
some errands for him eddie goes to get
his dry cleaning and pick up some
breakfast but when he comes back he
finds the apartment door open the place
is completely ransacked and vernon is on
his couch eddie walks over and sees that
he's dead he immediately calls the
police and while he waits for them to
get there he realizes that the people
that were apparently looking for the
drugs never found them
so he gets to looking for himself
eddie ultimately finds the drugs as well
as vernon's black book and some money
suddenly the police are at the door
later he's being questioned in a police
station
the detective is suspicious of eddie and
his story
melissa calls the detective's desk and
asks to speak to eddie she tells him
that she doesn't want him at vernon's
funeral and that she'll call him when
all of it is over
eddie leaves the police station paranoid
that he's being followed he gets home
counts the money and takes one tablet
which kicks off a montage of him
completely rediscovering himself in the
power of the drug
first he gets a haircut at new clothes
finishes his novel and delivers it to
his publisher he learns the piano in
three days and also learns to speak new
languages with little effort then uses
them to pick up women
suddenly he can use math to win at poker
he knows what combination of drugs his
aunt with cancer needs he can talk
business with wall street types and
impress everyone with his wit he even
gets an offer to work for one of them
eddie makes new friends rich ones with
private jets and poolside manners that
he vacations with but he starts getting
reckless and he needs more and more
adrenaline rushes
at some point he has an epiphany of what
he needs to do and it's not writing we
see him back at his apartment looking at
the trade numbers and taking the drug
he needs money for what he wants to do
and investing in trades isn't enough
eddie looks for a loan shark at a diner
he convinces him to give him one hundred
thousand dollars
they meet for the drop at a park and the
loan shark tells him what will happen if
he doesn't return the money
later he takes the job offer to him
earlier and quickly figures out how to
double his money investing and he gets
noticed by the bigger players in the
finance game and he gets a meeting with
one of them he tells lindy about it over
dinner and impresses her by ordering an
italian he apologizes to her and tries
to charm her to win her back they get
back together and start seeing each
other again
as time goes by and he becomes more
successful he gets the feeling he's
being followed
one night as he's in his apartment with
lindy he starts feeling strange
the next day him and his boss have a
lunch meeting with carl van loon eddie
explains his grandiose pattern
recognition abilities and tries to
impress the man he gets a ride home from
him and in the car van loon hands him
some documents telling him to look them
over when they reach his place eddie
gives him an evaluation of what he's
read the man is impressed and sets up
another meeting with him
eddie's too energized to go home so he
takes a walk planning his future
thinking he could even be president one
day
suddenly he starts feeling strange again
as if time started to move completely
different so he keeps walking and
walking until he reaches a bar unaware
of how he got there then he's at a party
with one girl and next in a hotel with
another he thinks he's being followed
later he starts a fight in the subway
realizing that he's learned how to fight
just by watching kung fu movies and
boxing on tv
he runs throughout the city and suddenly
finds himself on top of a bridge where
he stops without being able to recall
the last 18 hours of his life eddie
wakes up the next day feeling horrible
he decides not to take another tablet
and tries to go through the documents
sent to him by van loon but they seem
illegible eddie goes to the meeting
sober and unprepared van loon keeps
asking him questions expecting
high-level answers from him but all
eddie can focus on is the tv where the
news are reporting that the woman he was
in the hotel with his dead
he leaves the meeting abruptly when he
gets home the phone rings
it's melissa he asks her to meet him
later that day eddie remembers vernon's
black book and starts calling the people
from the list
everyone on the list is either dead or
terribly sick the last number he dials
belongs to the man who followed him and
who's sitting on the same bench with him
eddie sees him and runs as the man
chases after him he finally looses him
by going inside a cab
he meets with melissa and she tells him
that she had also been on the drug and
barely made it out alive when she
stopped using it she notices that he's
been taking it too and tells him to go
off it slowly otherwise it could be
lethal eddie keeps getting worse as he
comes back home where the lone shark is
waiting for him the man takes his last
tablet and ingests it as eddie is
grabbing the money he owes him from the
bank the man seems unaffected by the
drug eddie gives him his money and he
says he feels great but there are no
noticeable changes to his intelligence
yet
later eddie stumbles into lindy's office
he tells her everything and asks her to
get him the drugs he's hidden in her
apartment lindy gets there and finds
them easily but as she's getting back to
the office she calls eddie and tells him
that there is a man following her her
cab gets stuck in traffic and the man is
seen coming up to her eddie tells her to
run and then chases after her too
lindy runs into a park and asks two guys
to help her the man walks up to them and
stabs them both as she runs away again
lindy hides and calls eddie tells him
that she's stuck and afraid he tells her
to take one of the tablets and she does
it
suddenly the drug takes effect on lindy
too
she goes through the same thing eddie
did when he first took it and instantly
starts running away knowing exactly what
to do the man follows her every step
until she incapacitates him and escapes
lindy gets to eddie and gives him a
tablet they check into a hotel together
the following morning lindy is getting
ready to leave and eddie tries to
persuade her that he'll be get on track
but after taking the drug herself she
disagrees
he sees the good sides of the drug while
she is scared of it eddie tells her that
he will eventually get off the drug but
she leaves regardless eddie sees the
lone shark waiting for him and he goes
up to him the man wants more drugs so he
gives him a few to hold him over
later he hires two bodyguards that
follow him everywhere and he goes to see
van loon eddie apologizes about the
meeting explaining he was sick but he
had already won the man over before so
van loon still gives him the job
he brokers the biggest merger in history
for van loom and gets back on his feet
not waiting around until his stash of
the drug runs out he goes to a chemist
and tells him that he'll give him two
million dollars if he recreates it in
six months
while eddie's having lunch one day the
detective comes to see him he tells him
that he's been identified as the man
running out of the hotel when the young
woman was killed
so eddie hires the top lawyer to bail
him out
later he's at a big meeting for the
merger with van loon when he notices
that one of the men at wood from the
opposing side is sick they will
reconvene to sign the contract the next
day
after the meeting eddie talks to van
loon and he threatens him not to make
him his competition explaining that
whatever makes him that good at his job
is a gift not something earned through
hard work
eddie goes back to the hotel finding his
room trashed he buys the fancy apartment
that was seen in the beginning of the
film later he runs into the loan shark
again who's completely transformed he
tells eddie to bring him more tablets or
he'll tell his boss about his trouble
with the police the next day van loon
and eddie are waiting for atwood to come
in and sign the documents for the merger
when he doesn't show up his wife comes
to their offices to tell them that he's
sick but as soon as he's better he will
sign the contract
the two of them walk her out and as
she's going into the car and he sees
that the man who's been following him is
getting inside the car with her her
husband was sick because of the drug
eddie meets his lawyer in a police
station and gets into a line-up
thankfully he doesn't get picked out he
leaves the loan shark waiting and
instead goes back to the van loon office
who's watching the news they're
reporting about the merger his new boss
is angry about it but tells him that
atwood is dying
he's worried about the merger eddie
realizes that he needs to take another
tablet and leaves but can't find his
stash
he comes back to the office when a
package comes for him as van loon keeps
pushing for information he thinks that
he has he opens the package to find the
severed hands of his bodyguards inside
he rushes out and goes back to his
apartment there he listens to the news
where atwood's wife is giving a
statement rather lying about the merger
her lawyer takes over the interview
which is also his lawyer
the doorbell rings and it's the loan
shark asking him to open the door
next eddie is seen standing on the edge
of his balcony he doesn't jump he tries
to remember where he could have left one
more tablet and scrambles to find one
when he does he ends up dropping it in
the same moment that the lone shark
walks into his apartment his goons grab
eddie and sit him down as the he
explains that he uses the drug dissolved
in a solution and injected through a
vein
he shoots up and tells his men to find
eddie's stash while he tortures him for
the information
the goons are trying to open up his safe
so they don't hear when eddie stabs
their boss as he leans over
he kills him and drinks his blood to get
a fix of the drug
it works so he knows how to fight off
the goons
he takes down one of them and then the
other
meanwhile atwood dies at the hospital
eddie goes there and is seen sitting
down next to the man who followed him
later the same man helps him find more
drugs in the apartment of the lawyer who
took outward stash for himself
12 months later eddie has a book out and
is running for the senate van loon is
waiting in his office
they chat a little but van loon tells
him that he knows about the drug
he tells him that he shut down his lab
that morning and that he can supply him
with a drug in the future if he agrees
to work for him they leave the office to
get lunch together but eddie refuses to
get in the car as well as work with van
loon eddie tells him that he learned how
to change the drug how to get off it
while keeping all of the positive
effects
he can see everything he's unstoppable
eddie refuses any possibility to work
with van loon and sends him on his way
he walks to a restaurant and meets with
lindy there make sure to subscribe and
turn on notifications so you can watch
more videos like this
thanks for watching